<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough">
<ui:composition template="/template.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="headline">
        <h1>Application Accepted</h1>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="formArea">
        <h3>Confirmation</h3>

        <div class="jumbotron">
            <h1>Completion</h1>
            <p>
                Well Done, you completed the form!
            </p>

            <p>
                Your is application reference is:
                <br/>
                <span class="application-reference">
                  #{flash['lastApplicationReference']}
                </span>
            </p>

            <p>
                A message has been send down a pipe to a JMS Queue.
                The next developer has an Agile user story <b>US7521</b>:
                <br/>
                As an applicant, when I complete the digital customer, I expect to receive an electronic mail
                with the application reference and a summary of all of the details that I submitted.
            </p>
        </div>

        <div class="wizard-form">
            <p> Here is some additional information:</p>

            <h2> Reader Conference Exercises</h2>

            <h3> Exercise A </h3>
            <p>
                The end of the form only has a text message. Extend the Conversation Form so that
                applicant receive a unique reference number after completion.
            </p>
            <h3> Exercise B </h3>
            <p>
                After creating the reference number, then try this behavioural driven-design /
                user story:
                "As a consumer, given that I completed the applicant form I want to receive an
                email with the summary of the details that I entered. I also want to see in the
                email the unique  reference number."
            </p>
            <h3> Exercise C </h3>
            <p>
                As technical leader, I noticed that there is a lot duplicated content within the workflow,
                namely: form2.xhtml,  form3.xhtml and end3.xhtml. What can we do to eradicate the same HTML Facelet
                content?
                Write an internationalisation message bundle to separate the text content from the values in the message.
                Write another UI composition facelet to abstract away the summary views.
                How can we get reuse of the summary views? (HINT: Maybe we need more types Section and Blocks)
                What if the consumer wanted to edit the content in the summary?
                How can we add a link to the summary view to allow users to edit?

            </p>
            <h3> Exercise D </h3>
            <p>
                Technical story. In order to improve scalability of the web application, lets at Java Message Services
                to the application with a message queue.
                The web application requires a message queue (a point-to-point).
                First, create a JMS publisher that sends the applicant down the queue. Choose an appropriate
                message type like MessageObject, which is the easiest or may be try JSON.
                Second, creates a JMS subscriber that reads the message and then sends the email to the applicant.
            </p>
            <p>
                HINT: A JMS subscriber in Java EE can be a Message Driven Bean.
                You probably need to look inside my book, <em>The Java EE 7 Developer Handbook</em>,
                for further details on the JMS 2.0 API.
            </p>
            <p>
                The conversation scope has been terminated at this point
            </p>
            <a class="btn btn-primary" href="#{request.contextPath}">Go Home</a>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
